Update the header of every file - new comments (#108188)
AdguardTeam/AdguardFilters: DutchFilter/sections/whitelist.txt

!

> ! This section contains the list of the rules that fix incorrect blocking. Rules should be specific.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
! This section contains the list of rules that fix incorrect blocking. Rules must be domain-specific.
```
